waves in a thread and I've been living for 18 years
of the story I dedicate myself to tell stories
everywhere different stories and
so cool that one of my stories
drawn by my friend miriam has been a
number one goes around the world
internet and you're working with him on
a lot of places from schools
prisons houses of women have good
had so much success that we have taken the
second that is also wonderful but
well I did not come here to talk
from my story I think that coming here is
talk about my last show the
painful history of penélope lopez
fix but fit
the penalty is a girl who knows what
I like what I want and what I need
it is peace and tranquility and warmth
and what you do not want
in time
but in spite of that sometimes it is done every
mess
to my mother's neck
thank goodness he knows how to ask so I asked him
to this
it's a challenge because here I could say almost
nothing
dead universe pumped please
because I can overcome mobility the
fight goes quite badly of pasta you can
explain it because the other car I had it
that sell to pay it toll the fine
of the toll because I saw cataluña that
means that I live in Catalonia if I do not
I cut my ends because she's sick of
remember
but my mother does not lack anything
how much abundance inside
I have seven talks with Maradona
a little girl would be little
I do not have me inside of me
I do not know why I 'm an association is what
that changed the inner world politicians to
Sometimes she seems to feel lonely and
have need of something and only I
was missing this with the hours that I'm with
back that time but good if to me
the universe grants me what I deserve
the same then the bald one is that
is stored in the vagina
He also takes some fright from time to time
when
and it's very smart and learns very fast
it's a cone that connects
and the purpose of heaven
number 7 is another that this connects
and the energies of Earth time
with the stars the energies
despite having attention deficit what
assimilates everything very well
and then it will have to end inside
and golden health dance the trait of
stolen away the kitchen the routine the
saturated fat
how
i
in the end
life
I love to have fun and have fun
in short all a heroine of the 21st century